Create microservice for multisignature pool - Closes #159 (#707)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: README.md

| [Gateway](services/gateway) | The Gateway provides the API, which all users of Lisk Service can access and use. Its main purpose is to proxy API requests from users to other services provided by Lisk Service. This provides the users with a central point of data access that never breaks existing application compatibility.|
| [Lisk](services/core) | The Lisk Core service acts as a bridge between the Lisk Core and the Lisk Service API. Its main purpose is to provide enriched data from the Lisk Core API. This service is aimed at providing high availability, and both efficient and reliable access to the Lisk Core API. |
| [Market](services/market) | The Market service allows price data retrieval. It supports multiple sources to keep the current Lisk token price up-to-date and available to the clients. |

> | [Newsfeed](services/newsfeed) | The news feed service is a one-purpose microservice that polls the content sharing platforms and shares collected data with UI clients such as Lisk Desktop |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Newsfeed](services/newsfeed) | The Newsfeed service is a single-purpose microservice that polls the content sharing platforms and shares collected data with UI clients such as Lisk Desktop |
```

> | [Transaction](services/transaction) | The Transaction service is a proxy between all participants before the multisignature transaction is ready to broadcast |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Transaction](services/transaction) | The Transaction service is a proxy between all participants before a multisignature transaction is ready to be broadcast to the blockchain |
```
